README.md, before:

## Personal Portfolio

![Portfolio Website](https://github.com/IM-Deane/images/blob/main/assets/images/portfolio-main-image.jpg)

Current Version : 1.0.0

# Description:

This project is my personal portfolio website. Its main purpose is to host my
projects at
[https://tristandeaneportfolio.com](https://tristandeaneportfolio.com).

The main users of this site will be potential employers and freelance clients.
Although, I'm sure i'll point my friends and family this way as well :)

A secondary outcome of this site is to learn more about Next.js and styled
components.

The site features all of the major sections you would expect from a portfolio.

# Sections/Features:

- _Responsive Navbar:_ The nav will collapse on smaller screens and mobile
  devices. The links in this bar lead to different sections of the _same page_.
  To access the project gallery, visitors must click the link in the spotlight
  section. My rational for this is that I would rather them see my 4 best
  projects before moving to the main gallery.

- _Hero banner_ with a CTA button

- _Project spotlight:_ Highlights the top 4 projects that demonstrate my skills.

- _Technologies:_ Outlines the various web development technologies i'm familiar
  with.

- _About:_ Provides visitors with a brief overview of who I am. The section will
  link to a separate about page that has a more indepth profile.

- _Personal Accomplishments:_ highlights my most relevant accomplishments. This
  includes the number of difficut projects i've completed (fullstack or
  otherwise), the number of freelance projects i've completed, my GPA (this will
  change once i've graduated), and another box which i've yet to add.
- _Footer:_ which includes my contact details and social media profiles. It also
  highlights an interesting fact about the technology i'm currently learning.

# Version History:

_Version 1.0.0:_

This version includes the landing page and a project gallery page.

Commit message:

Version 1.0.1 - updated timeline section's profile

README.md, after:

## Personal Portfolio

![Portfolio Website](https://github.com/IM-Deane/images/blob/main/assets/images/portfolio-main-image.jpg)

Current Version : 1.0.1

# Description:

This project is my personal portfolio website. Its main purpose is to host my
projects at
[https://tristandeaneportfolio.com](https://tristandeaneportfolio.com).

The main users of this site will be potential employers and freelance clients.
Although, I'm sure i'll point my friends and family this way as well :)

A secondary outcome of this site is to learn more about Next.js and styled
components.

The site features all of the major sections you would expect from a portfolio.

# Sections/Features:

- _Responsive Navbar:_ The nav will collapse on smaller screens and mobile
  devices. The links in this bar lead to different sections of the _same page_.
  To access the project gallery, visitors must click the link in the spotlight
  section. My rational for this is that I would rather them see my 4 best
  projects before moving to the main gallery.

- _Hero banner_ with a CTA button

- _Project spotlight:_ Highlights the top 4 projects that demonstrate my skills.

- _Technologies:_ Outlines the various web development technologies i'm familiar
  with.

- _About:_ Provides visitors with a brief overview of who I am. The section will
  link to a separate about page that has a more indepth profile.

- _Personal Accomplishments:_ highlights my most relevant accomplishments. This
  includes the number of difficut projects i've completed (fullstack or
  otherwise), the number of freelance projects i've completed, my GPA (this will
  change once i've graduated), and another box which i've yet to add.
- _Footer:_ which includes my contact details and social media profiles. It also
  highlights an interesting fact about the technology i'm currently learning.

# Version History:

_Version 1.0.1:_

Updated the timeline write up to render content conditionally. Instead of
displaying the entire auther profile on page load, the user has the option of
reading more about me if they're curious.

I believe this update keeps my profile concise for those visitors who are just
scanning.

_Version 1.0.0:_

This version includes the landing page and a project gallery page.
